What are you going to do?
Let go of me!
Lin Niannian, I kindly accept you
Let you be a servant at the Luo family
That's how you repay me.
Xiaoxian, what are you talking about?
How dare you argue now
Then I'll help you remember it well
In your room.
Why is there a camera?
I-I don't know.
I didn't put the camera on it.
I knew you wouldn't admit it.
That's okay.
I'd like to see it
Is your mouth hard or my whip hard?
Miss, I really didn't put it there.
Miss
I really didn't put it there.
I already saw that you are not enough
How dare you destroy my body desire
I'm going to beat you to death today, you bitch
Stop it, you're doing it yourself
And shame on others
Brother Sifeng
You miss him as a servant of the Luo family
How I want to punish him is up to me
But
I must also understand the heart of Brother Sifeng's pity for Xiangxiyu
As long as you are willing to continue the engagement
Of course I can let him go
Brother Sifeng
Take your time
Continue to talk about you and stop